[Japanese rock theme music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[in English] ♪ Don't be. be. be afraid ♪
♪ Don't be. be. be. be. be afraid ♪
BAKI-DOU: THE INVINCIBLE SAMURAI
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION. VIOLENT CRIME
KO SUEMITSU. CHIEF EIICHIRO HIKIGI
[man 1] Loose long hair.
traditional garb. and barefoot.
He's a perfect match to that description
they gave us back at the station.
- He hasn't changed his appearance.
- It's like he wants to be seen.
[Ko] Well. he is the greatest samurai
that ever lived.
- [Eiichiro] Hmm.
- [both chuckle]
He stopped.
Keep walking. Just act casual.
[both gasp]
What do we do now?
We can't exactly turn around. can we?
[both gasp]
[both breathing heavily]
[Ko] Hikigi. hold on a second isn't this--
The Tokugawa residence!
We better report this
back to headquarters.
This can't be good.
[Ko] I'm on it!
[dramatic music sting]
Somebody saw a trespasser?
Apparently. so.
POLICE CHIEF
TESTU MISHIRO
Some of my agents saw
a man enter the compound.
I'm not bothered.
so you can forget all about it.
Yes. sir.
But it's important you understand.
The individual is currently a suspect
in an ongoing operation.
Mr. Musashi? He's your suspect?
Well. I mean…
Yes. he's considered
to be quite dangerous.
Mr. Mishiro. tell Utsumi the following.
Utsu… You mean… Shunzo Utsumi?
The Superintendent-General himself?
Just leave him be.
You can observe him. but do not intervene.
Tell him Tokugawa said so.
[gasps]
Got it. Mr. Mishiro?
Certainly. sir!
I will make sure to pass on your message.
[gate squeaking]
[groans softly]
Now then. shall we continue?
[intriguing music playing]
[Tokugawa] What brought you here?
What are you hoping to find out?
Look. Mitsunari.
You happen to be the owner
of the underground arena
beneath Tokyo Dome.
So I know you hear things.
You get all the latest intel
on the strongest men in Japan and beyond.
When it comes to people
with the potential for great strengths.
I don't think there's a single man
in Japan you're not keeping tabs on.
[Tokugawa] Hmm.
[slurping]
I know he doesn't use karate or judo.
He fights differently
than anything I've ever seen.
Well. then. What technique does he use?
He claims to be someone famous.
Musashi Miyamoto.
A samurai.
[gasps softly]
But either way.
he's on a whole 'nother level.
His ability to draw his blade to attack
is at least twice as fast
as a typical swordsman.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Doppo. seriously?
You're telling me
you think he's the real thing?
It doesn't matter to me whether
he's the genuine article or a fake.
His skills appear real enough to my eyes.
That's all I care about.
It's putting you on edge. isn't it. Doppo?
I wanna meet him.
Doppo.
- [Doppo] Huh?
- [Tokugawa gasps]
Hey! I'm hungry!
Oh. You have a guest. pardon me.
Not at all.
Mr. Musashi.
I know this is a sudden request.
but what do you make
of the man seated here?
Well… for a man like him.
I think I could finish him off
before the meal.
[nervous grumbling]
[Tokugawa] Are you suggesting
the God of Martial Arts. Doppo Orochi.
is an appetizer?
That appears to be the case. Doppo.
[chuckling]
I must apologize.
[grumbles nervously]
The conditions don't matter to me.
But I would like to spar.
Even just once would do. Hell. I…
I think I would've been satisfied
just meeting you.
You're a legend. you know.
And now you're sitting there.
History's greatest samurai in this room.
Even better. he says he's willing
to engage me in a fight.
Frankly. this all seems
a little too good to be true.
Did you hear what he said. Musashi?
It feels too good to be true.
I'm being restrained.
[Tokugawa] Hmm?
[tense music sting]
From the moment I entered this room
to when I sat down here.
three times I tried.
[Tokugawa] Huh?
But each time I went to draw my sword.
my head was held down.
[Tokugawa chuckles]
I think we should wait.
Wouldn't it be better
if you had something to eat?
Not at all! I'd rather fight first.
[Tokugawa] Oh…
[Tokugawa] This dojo is used
by our servants
for martial arts and dance practice.
[Musashi] Hmm.
This should suffice.
By the way. Mr. Miyamoto.
I know the two of you
are raring to get started.
but I would like to allow Doppo Orochi
to introduce himself his way.
[gasps]
- Kanou.
- Sir.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Doppo chuckles]
Seeing is believing. so this'll be faster
than trying to explain it.
I'd like to see it too. It's been a while.
[Musashi] Hmm?
[Doppo] Well. why not?
I never miss an opportunity
to show off my skills.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Doppo grunts]
[chuckling]
- [Doppo grunts]
- [glass smashes]
[Doppo grunts]
[bones crunching]
Huh.
[Doppo] Yah!
The name's Doppo Orochi.
[Tokugawa] Eh.
how will Musashi react to that?
[Musashi] Well.
I'd say it's less martial arts
and more of a dance.
But why wood and stones?
What's the point of that?
[Doppo seethes]
Hold on. Seriously?
[Tokugawa] It's… it's happening.
A dance?
Did I upset you. Mr. Orochi?
[Doppo] Damn right. you did.
[Tokugawa] Am I really gonna see
Doppo Orochi fight?!
Could be a dance. but it could be
something more than that too.
How about we put that to the test
right here. right now?
[Tokugawa] This isn't about sparring.
nor a contest of strength.
It's an actual fight!
Huh?
[roaring]
[Tokugawa gasps]
[dramatic music sting]
Forgive me. Mr. Orochi.
I wanted to tease you a little.
[Doppo growls softly]
[Tokugawa] His skills…
That demonstration earlier.
The one with your bare hands.
I must admit
that I knew it was martial arts.
[Tokugawa] You're on
a whole different level.
I was able to see it all.
The actions were yours alone.
but I could see their intended opponent.
They may not have been formidable enemies.
but they were by no means easy targets.
Striking sharp and heavy.
you defeated five people at once.
It was a splendid sight to see.
Master Orochi.
Ah. enough with the flattery.
The fact you dodged my surprise headbutt
is embarrassing enough.
Don't add insult to injury
with a compliment.
What?
You rubbed my bald head.
You're out of your damn mind
if you think I'll let that slide.
Go on. then.
[groaning nervously]
[tense music playing]
[Musashi] Ready?
[Doppo] It's just as I thought.
I knew you'd have your swords.
[Doppo groans painfully]
He's standing back.
He's not holding anything.
But somehow.
I feel like I'm being threatened
by the point of a sword I can't see.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts ferociously]
Huh.
[pained yelling]
- [Musashi laughs]
- Huh?
See. I told you.
It really was just a dance. Orochi.
[Doppo groans]
[Doppo yelps]
[Musashi] I don't even need to cut you.
[Doppo grunts]
[growling]
[Tokugawa] Whoa.
The Tenchi-Jouge Stance.
He's not giving up!
Doppo's still got plenty of fight in him!
Why do you still stand?
How is that possible?
[Doppo] Ah.
I stood up 'cause I can still stand.
What are you confused about?
But I did cut you. I thought you noticed.
[Tokugawa] Huh?
Right here.
A single stroke across the body.
Diagonally. like this.
So then you understand my technique?
Of course. You mimicked cutting me.
You call that mimicry?
[Doppo] Musashi Miyamoto.
your biggest mistake was
that you chose to stand before me
without your real swords.
Ah.
But it wasn't a feint. And yet.
I can clearly see that you weren't cut.
Understood!
- Sir Tokugawa.
- [Tokugawa] Hmm?
Do you own any swords?
A Tokugawa is a Tokugawa.
no matter how shriveled I end up.
The national treasure. Kunitora.
our most prized heirloom.
But I'll lend it to ya.
[metal glistening]
Ah. A very good sword.
This one will hold.
Apologies for the wait. Master Orochi.
Don't worry about it at all.
I'm the one who provoked you
to use a real sword.
Doppo.
I'll explain the details later.
I know you think he's only pretending
to be Musashi. but you're wrong!
He's the real Musashi Miyamoto!
So what?
You know I don't care
for lengthy explanations.
I don't give a damn
about how he came to be here.
I can tell he's the real deal.
That's exactly why
I wanted him to have a sword.
This is no laughing matter. Doppo!
You're giving a living legend
his weapon of choice!
What are you doing. Doppo? He's--
What I'm doing
is making sure he's armed too.
Because karate turns
your whole body into a weapon.
Hand sword. foot blade.
spear hand. and front kick.
I've got plenty of weapons
in my arsenal to choose from.
[Musashi chuckles]
[Tokugawa groans nervously]
I find the things you say funny..
Both of you are rather amusing
[laughing heartily]
What?!
You dare call a mortal
the God of Martial Arts.
and the mortal willingly accepts the name.
Your fragile body can't cut paper.
but you talk of spears and blades?
Maybe it's less than a dance.
[Tokugawa gasps]
- [tense music continues]
- [Doppo growling]
[thunderous boom echoes]
[Tokugawa gasps]
You cut…
No.
I didn't cut him.
I touched him
and pressed.
Just that bit of pressure?
That's not enough to cut through anyone.
[Tokugawa] Wow.
Here. I'll show you.
You have to pull when applying pressure.
That's how a blade functions.
And that's how skin functions too.
Even the treasured heirloom sword.
Kunitora.
is bound by that unyielding principle.
[Musashi] Hmm?
Oh-ho. Well. isn't this interesting?
I must reflect on this fight more deeply.
A fragile body that can't cut paper?
I was mistaken.
Orochi.
Your hands and feet
are fine blades indeed!
[narrator] The defeated
was lying at his feet.
and the victors praise
fell shamelessly from his lips.
All the praise aside.
the truth was. he could not move.
He had been cut down!
A clone?
[Tokugawa] I know
the explanation is confusing.
but all that actually happened
to bring Musashi back to life.
Convinced yet?
Try to convince me all you want.
I don't understand
a damn thing you're saying.
All the same.
what I do understand
is what my body tells me.
And what it's telling me is
that was the real Musashi Miyamoto.
Good instincts. [clears throat]
This is never an easy thing to ask.
but. uh. about the fight
and how it turned out.
I just lost a fight. I lost the match.
I've been bested. thoroughly.
It's been so long.
losing a fight almost feels refreshing.
The Japanese katana is a blade
unparalleled in its sharpness.
A single stroke can split you in half.
which might have been
a better fate for me.
He struck. pressed in. but did not cut.
He won without inflicting a single wound.
A mercy that is hard to bear.
Tokugawa. today I suffered
something far more humbling
than just a simple defeat.
If a warrior opponent shows you mercy.
the battle is already over.
A wound far worse than a sword slash.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm speechless.
I'm grateful though. I mean it.
[Tokugawa] Hmm.
[Doppo] The Book of Five Rings
is always on my bookshelf.
I've lost count
of how many times I've read it.
I know it by heart.
And yet. I realized a hard truth
in that moment.
Despite the number of times I've read it.
I never even came close
to understanding it.
Oh. that does make sense.
He's the one who wrote it. after all.
With all my experience. he put me down.
Effectively told me I wasn't worth a damn.
[Tokugawa] Will you continue?
Or will you withdraw?
[slurping]
[Doppo] I'm gonna shut myself out
from the world for a bit.
[narrator] Narita Airport.
[camera shutters clicking]
[man 1] We were told your match
was just an exhibition.
How does it differ from an official match?
Would you like to comment?
[Retsu] It was different
because I did not use my legs.
Or my knees.
Or my elbows.
[camera shutters clicking]
Only fists.
I targeted Mr. Bolt's upper body.
And all my attacks were from the front.
[crowd cheering]
[Retsu] And with those restrictions.
I won.
In the end. I was the victor.
I believe that's all there is to it.
It doesn't matter
whether it was an official fight or not.
It doesn't matter whether I got that belt
from Mr. Kaiser or not.
It doesn't matter if it gets recognized.
That's outside my scope of knowledge.
Nor do I care.
[reporters gasping]
Chinese kung fu is my focus.
But I was only allowed to use part of it.
And even so. I managed to win!
That's all!
[reporters mumbling in shock]
- [man 2] Oh. Mr. Retsu!
- [man 3] Retsu. wait!
[man 4] What are you planning
on doing in Japan?
I won't be defending my title.
I'm done with boxing.
I'm not officially a boxer after all.
What will you be doing while you're here?
Are you not going to fight anymore?
I don't want to use parts of it.
I want it all.
Uh. sorry?
[Retsu] Fists.
Tai. or kicks.
Piercing hand.
Sword. Spear. Staff. Even shuriken.
An opponent has appeared in Japan.
Against him. I can use them all.
KARATE-DO
SHINSHINKAI HEADQUARTERS
Huh?!
He was defeated?!
Orochi lost?!
[gasps uneasily]
I'm afraid it's worse than that.
To put it simply.
he was thrashed.
[Retsu] Hmm.
Doppo Orochi. He's a skilled man.
In karate and other martial arts.
he's one of the best.
Very strong.
Perhaps the best at karate in the world.
But in spite of that. he still lost.
and a truly decisive loss at that.
The result. you don't mind?
The battle was fought fair and square.
There were no dirty tricks
or forbidden techniques
That's why. even if I were to fight him.
if I tried taking on Musashi Miyamoto.
it wouldn't be for revenge.
but rather for me to prove it to myself.
[Retsu] Hmm.
He uses weapons. you know.
I didn't expect to hear that
from someone like you. Retsu.
Huh?!
Both techniques.
karate and kung fu. should be adequate.
They're both martial arts designed
to overcome any situation.
Against weapons. multiple opponents…
No matter the circumstances.
the technique is always there.
ready at your command.
Isn't that the nature of the form?
That's what karate
and kung fu are all about.
I watched a video of him on a website.
He was surrounded by five police officers.
He took them on all by himself.
One after another.
He took each one down like it was nothing.
They never stood a chance.
Even if there were more…
There could have been 20.
it would've been just the same.
You saw that too. Retsu.
I don't want to admit it.
but while our techniques
defend against weapons.
they were never meant to be tested
against that level.
Someone like yourself.
I'm sure you knew that already.
- Katsumi.
- Mm?
Don't hesitate to use your weapon!
Don't think twice about it
when going against him!
- ["Mountain Top" by Novel Core playing]
- [lyrics in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'm on the mountaintop. yeah ♪
[music fades out]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm